fix: update attention docs (#127)
warp-ds/tech-docs: docs/components/attention/vue.md

const showing = ref(false)
</script>
<template>
  <w-box
    neutral
    as="h4"
    ref="target"
    @mouseenter="showing = true"
    @mouseleave="showing = false"
    @keydown.escape="showing = false"
    @focus="showing = true"
    @blur="showing = false"
    tabindex="0"
  >
    <button
      aria-describedby="tooltip-bubbletext"
      aria-expanded="true"
      type="button"
    >
      Hover over me
    </button>

>   </w-box>

Reviewer: I think we can replace w-box with w-button. Here it doesn't matter how it looks, it's just a code example, but the simpler the example, the better.

  <w-attention
    tooltip
    bottom
    :target-el="target?.$el"
    v-model="showing"
    @focus="showing = true"
    @blur="showing = false"
  >
    <p id="tooltip-bubbletext">Hello Warp!</p>
  </w-attention>
</template>
```

### Accessibility

The attention element handles accessibility automatically by wrapping its slotted content with a `div` that has a default `role`attribute (`role="tooltip"` for tooltip and `role="img"` otherwise), and a default localized `aria-label`.

> It is possible to reset the `role` and `aria-label` attributes, and the default `aria-label` can be overridden:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to override the `role` and `aria-label` attributes:
```

Author: I'm not sure we can write override for the `role` attribute. The user can only reset that attribute but not override it. While they are able to reset + override the `aria-label`
